So the key thing is, in Module T, do I need the extra mechanism for attracting like high specificity, low B attracting like echo chamber thing? Because without even that, we have, like, my point is, without the mechanism of gathering more, like lowering V, low V, lowers V, even more, we have the mechanism for learning trap by the movie itself. So the key module can just say that people think movie is always good, but actually the highest growth rate is medium high V so why is that? And the mechanism we are suggesting is there is a learning trap for low V, right? So

perhaps we can use the argument for if you have a high V, then you don't even know what you are falsifying, so you don't learn much, right? But there is a puzzle that the maximum growth rate is not actually the lowest fee. So why is this? Yeah, I think for simplicity, we don't want the part about the attracting the certain type of like selection. In fact, we should remove the selection effect. Okay, just to zoom out, we have i m, t, e, c, right. I is more on like what is the funding paradox? And entrepreneurship is experiment and experiment needs capital, but it's puzzling that more experiment and more capital is negatively correlated the capital early stage capital is negatively correlated with the growth rate. And this thesis is a journey for what, how and

who around three variables, which is early funding and movement, or early funding to the growth rate mediated by the movement. And the first module m, t, e, the first module M composed of two papers, which is m1 and then two is one paper that addresses the gospel of securing a position that is coherent and irreversible, like committing to a position that is irreversible and career coherence is a strategy to the entrepreneurial strategy. The surprise here can be engineered by like, if the certain position is important for the strategy, then You

but there is a puzzle that a company that has secured certain position didn't grow as much. So why is this and we are the lens and solution that we are providing is it's less about committing To position, but more about committing to a movement, adaptation.

Then the second, one m3 explains bridges m1, and two with m4 and five and

and four and five is about the here the gospel is Now we have covered the G, D, m2,

does not discuss the funding part. The m4 and five, like I'm calling the first m1, m2 as the paper M, a and m3 and four, as I

a paper MB, and MB is about the M over de, so I'm saying that I am connecting the movement with the learning part, right? So M is interpreted as strategic repositioning, or like repositioning, like remove the strategy repositioning itself. Now repositioning is more on the like, from the observer's point of view, repositioning is highly correlated with growth. That's the movement principle and the funding.

Like growth of funding, this is negative. And this the gospel. Here is Kumu for Nanda about experiment. Entrepreneurship is experiment. Experiment needs capital. But why is more capital lower, like I should connect the three things, experiment and growth and learning, right? Experiment, growth, learning or similar thing. So we expect, and capitalists believe, to enhance this learning through the Nanda literature. So why is more capital leads to lower? Oh, actually, yeah. Movement. Movement here. We don't have growth. We only have two variables. Like, yeah, focus on two variables each. Don't try to address three variables at once. So that's the rule of, I think the bridge paragraph, which is connect, separate the funding paradox, which is D, G, E, as so G and E is addressed in the introduction, and

the lens here is the movement, right? Yeah, in introduction we also have a puzzle. And like the expectation puzzle and the lens to solution and the organization, right? So the lens to puzzle is the movement variable, which is from the outside of positioning, repositioning, and from inside, which is learning. So so I should explain how M is derived as a Delta of V absolute value, and that's repositioning and learning. Now in the T, the M, we observe D, G, D, m, so m, here is repositioning, and the gospel here is Porter and like Vanden Stein literature and M for five is about the M, D, E, gospel here is coming from Nanda, because we expect as entrepreneurship is experimentation and experimentation is capital, combining This, it is implied that more capital leads to more learning, which is movement, but it's puzzling that the statistics shows Otherwise our lens, the solution is

the golden cage effect. So ultimately, the funding paradox is competition of movement principle and golden cage effect.

So the key diagram in the first is the negative slope between the D G, the G over the growth rate over the early funding the scatter plot and the key the diagram for the MA paper is the D, G over d m, the positive slope and the third the M B paper is the M over D, E and as a negative which has a confidence interval like now the golden cage effect. The theory here is what we searched yesterday about like, how like core duty becomes core like, core competency becomes core duty, or they under explore if they get the funding. Yeah, so MA and MD, paper, the template paper is exactly the vague language paper, right? I think it's like MKS or something like that. Yeah. And moving on to the so this is about the what, and the key paper is the gospel here is we're zooming into the I'm

so here it's G over V, And we are expecting the lower V, the more

so I think what I'm curious about is, how is the golden cage effect? What we is about the what is connected with the how? How does the golden cage effect happen? And since the M is delta V of absolute value, I'm trying to explain that the mu of one minus Mu is smaller than epsilon over V. So the first mechanism is smaller v means more trap. They are getting funded. Okay, I see, I see, so lowering your V, it's more funding. Lowering your V increases your early funding, but on the other hand, it makes the cost of learning

more expensive, or cost of experiment. So this leads to like epsilon is changing your view by some degree.

So even though you have more money, the cost of learning gets higher. So it's not straightforward that the lower the V the more you grew. Group. So the MB and T shares the flavor because it's looking From inside. So

just to remember the be is gospel for T, and the Porter is got and like the vendor's team is gospel for the MA and kampofo and Nanda is the gospel for MB, right and for t here, this is, this has some empirics, but

it's more like a mechanism, right? Yeah, increasing it has some time, meaning that if the

So here, the commit first appears like, what is commitment?

We have touched on commitment in MA slightly as rather than committing to position, commit to movement, but here, in general sense, if we commit to to or maybe it might be better, not to mention commitment, but just to say, Like, specificity. Specificity here, perhaps like, connect the literature specificity with the vagueness, so specificity of the experiment. I think investor wants it higher and the entrepreneurs wants it lower. But the letter, like the empiric, shows that the low specificity actually is shows higher growth rate. So this is the gospel. Perhaps can be B, E plus the I.

Moral hazard as well the Bolton paper I'm

in other words, the cost of experiment is a function of how optimistic you are, so you cannot just it's not a linear function of the like there is endogeneity of the cost of experiment to the specificity. So that's how like, why it's a multimodal now the E part is more under motional. And motional is an example of the company that has very specific l4 Louisville taxi by like 2027 or like 20/31 commercialization, 2007 27 and 2030 so here

it's more on like in T we have learned that those tears has a trap. Actually here like T is more about the weightness and the low growth rate. Why they're like, Why? Why does higher V like? How can higher V leads to more growth? And that's because cost of experiment is not is a function of this weakness. And here, I think we don't have this learning trap like those golden cage effect. It's less addressed. The E part is more on the I think the golden cage part because,

or another choice is you explain the like two mechanism. First mechanism is cost of experiment is not uniform, and there is alert. And this is connected with the the golden cage is connected with the learning, learning trap.

Actually, sorry, the cost of experiment is, might be the same, but how much that cost of experiment influences the update of the mu is different, right?

So the question is, is learning trap, meaning the low V higher

more money to change epsilon. Is this related with the higher V

or higher E or MB, there is some gap, right? Because,

yeah, learning trap and the golden cage are different, because golden cage is about m, the movement either zoom in or zoom out, is constrained by E, which is different from the change of mu as a function of v.

In other words, golden cage is delta V, absolute value given E and the delta

mu like how optimistic one is about their success, probability given V is learning trap. So the question is, when does like? How is golden cage and learning trap relevant? I,

in other words, the golden cage is D, M over d, e is negative and dot

Learning trap is D, Delta, mu, over dv is positive.

And the E module is about why is low V like how the who becomes the Stayer? Pair versus movers.

Mover is defined as high M, and This is different from high V.

So we so the causal link, or the thing is the commitment, the vagueness effects,

they are choosing, V, right, and it influences e, okay, so early the funding paradox is the early funding influences the movement, and movement influences the growth. So this is m, A, and A and MB, MB and MA and B influences the

Yeah, so change of V is change of mu. That's the question. Like learning.

The limitation is, perhaps they learned inside, but may not change the V. So that's the limitation. But the thing is, there is no manager for you, so this delta V is proxy for the change of their learning, right? So this is the critical limitation of the T in that we are approximating delta V with delta mu.

Oh, actually, this is weird, because new has a sign, but delta V does not have a sign. So I think Delta V's absolute value is similar to delta new absolute value.

Here, it's not equal, but proportional. The proportionality is about that, right? Um, in other words, yeah, higher specifically means that

higher specificity is believed to lower the experimentation costs, but it increases. But cognitively it is harder to update, so sharper it is easier to If

people believe it is easier To reject something but

the more specific an experiment is. Easier it is to reject the hypothesis, but

it may not be

Now, other words, delta V and delta mu, they are proportionally related. That's what I'm trying to say.

Delta V as some learning and delta mu as

being

TBD, so Now, ultimately E and M and G, we have E, M, G and there is V. V influences

e negatively, influences M and M positively, influences G and V negatively influences E and V positively influences M,

I am not sure about whether V positive influences M. So this is more like, how vaguely should We position ourselves to move? It's mixed, right? It's

so maybe M over V might be a curious thing to plot here.

And I think it might be like some U shape, because if you're very specific, then you move a lot. If you are a little vague,

then perhaps

T module might want the M over d, v,

yeah, I think this should be DM, over dv, not G. That should be changed, because we are like Saying delta V is proxying the learning part. Right?

I wonder what happens if we plot simply, delta V over V mean low V has high delta V, but it's V is V T minus v zero, which is zoom in is positive.

And

yeah, we have stairs around and we have positive delta V. It's a zoom outers. And there are zoom inners.

Yeah, so the team module is a little long, right? They have four modules per so my point is,

you might want m by V as Bolton paper in the like the learning trap, the theory as the t1, t2 and t3 t4 as Delta, V by V,

and E is

I Think m v and, okay, now I get t like, M has two modules and T has like, 2m as two paper, t as, let's say just two paper, right? So M's first paper is D, G and D M over like, D, M over d, e is negative, and T is about the v, d d over, d v and d m over. Actually, d m over, d v first and the D over. This is like the direction. There's direction d v and d and DM over dv is this multimodal, and each of the multimodal comes from different

let's call This TA and TT.

TB is about D and V so here we first have zoom inners and zoom outers and analyze like the pros and cons. So here zoom outers, they can add

zoom iners can do, I think, plant pivot and zoom outers. They do more about the reactive pivot, right? Um,

yeah, I think the bottleneck here is connecting with The pivot part the existing literature.

If you define the same vision and different strategy, then like strategy defined as different position, then the

m can be like how much you pivoted. Maybe you can allude that in MA movement principle.

My point is, this is about the V and the in the D, right? So when V influences M, it is influenced by D.

And a and this mechanism, how does the vagueness of the position influences how much they moved in what direction that is T B and TA is about how M is influenced by D.

Yeah, we Have this causal diagram. So yeah,

so we are saying that the position perceives why the investor is similar to that is a proxy for the strategy in that it includes the stated plan and the technology and the customer big applications. And perhaps the limitation is what they say they are going to do might be different from what they actually do, but there are some literature like Rebecca Henderson that does that, so perhaps we can apply that.

Just to make sure of the storyline, because E would be mostly about emotional case. Now we are extending from like early stage to later stage startups to more broader funding paradox for an emotional case who got a lot of funding, but they laid off a lot, and now the they're in front of like two large branches, way more versus Tesla, which is laser, right LIDAR based, versus vision based.

How should they choose the vagueness?

They have been a Stayer for a long time, and they won, and recently, they have announced to move from radar base to more like

a radar based or more computer, like Lidar Base as well, as well as expanding the business From solution company to more like end to end like, from solution provider to more on manufacturing, like collaborating with hmgis and also collaborating with network players like Uber or Lyft.

Meaning the technological shift, or having more option lab to like the movements in the technology lab to the movement in the

applications as well.

So it's more about the analysis. E is more about the analysis. I think there are four right and

what motional is is very specific, meaning, very low V and low M, which supports V and High funding.

Perhaps low V High funding,

hello, V, hi, E,

Yeah, maybe consider changing it to F. I

Hello, V, high, F and low M.

How to

start moving

perhaps the diagram of, I think V by

m, was it,

or actually D Right? Or I think M Right, they are stuck here, which is low M, high F and low M, Perhaps as a result of

So The title is motionals escape, or motionals,

yeah, it's Cape i

and I'm suggesting more of a provisional commitment that gathers That for his ecosystem,

provisional commitment as temporary and like tethering, the metaphor of a cam and explicit uncertainty. Collaborate that forms ecosystem means provisional commitment for like, acculturating and a temporary and uncertain commitments

or positions

and collaborate with

not only OEMs, but also network players and flexible actually this is like platform eyes, right?

So collaborate with this, like more flexible manufacturing as Well. Manufacturers, hmgs, and hmgis.

And evaluate, I would like to add the Evaluate. Evaluate is like creating a dashboard so a cultivating Dynamic

coordination protocol.

Which is temporary on certain positions communicating,

communicating temporary and uncertain positions, and perhaps it's not wrong to communicate to different parties, different aspects of their vision, just like Tesla did. Tesla's example, just for illustration, from like Department of Energy and traditional car manufacturers and Silicon Valleys, they frame their visions differently By showing the parts of the Future each part is believed in.

Second is collaborating with not only OEMs, but also the network players like Lyft and Uber and like we can list some Things that motion half done and manufactures hm GIS

and third is most important, we need some dashboard that many marketing and operations can share that changes common sense to common knowledge or like Rational meaning construction,

for instance, like waymos last Sunday's news on the failure to like every car stopped in San Francisco, and Marketing and the operations may interpret it differently, and that means like there are some political differences in the sense that They distribute the senses differently, different attention is being distributed, and that obstructs constructing like the shared understandings. So having a central dashboard for risk management can help the evaluation.

So in other words, the first one is more about the commitment commit to movement and the second One

acculturate, commit to movement, and second one collaborate with or actually platform eyes. I think platform eyes might be better. Platform eyes meaning from solution providers to

like Ada, solution providers to a more like they have The manufacturer, hmgis and applied intuition like For the data.

Like odd

and also,

yeah, my point is the software companies that can because it's run on GPU, and it's not only the hardware problem, but also the software problem, not only the GPU, but how to

collect the data, retrain the machine learning and I let analytics pipeline is also important, so collaborate with that as well.

And third is the evaluate dynamic dashboard that reinforces the acculturation of committing to movement. But more importantly, I

converge on the distribution of the senses. senses.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
