So this is the summary. I will give you two transcripts. First is more on the practice. You can see my developed thoughts in there, but the consistency might be lower because my thoughts change along the way. This the second version is the final version, which would have higher consistency, but last detailed, so you should put more weight on the second the transcript. So the five modules are the i, m, T, E, C, and I, the whole I introduces five variables, F, M, G, V, D, and F is a funding so the funding paradox, I start with the puzzle that entrepreneurs actively raise funds, and the funds has a meaning of enabling their experiments,

however, funds, yeah, like, perhaps you want to be more surprising.

Like entrepreneur finance literature castes as the financing the experiment. So it is implied that the more funding, the more growth, the more learning, and the more growth they would have. However, empiric shows that the funding amount is negatively correlated with growth. So why is this the solution or the lens? Is the movement variable, which is proxied as the absolute of delta v, which is the vagueness of the position. And so I introduced the V like organization of the paper that follows is I explain in the order of like following the Cronin, which is the architect of this thesis. I follow what?

Yeah, I think what, why and how, right?

Yeah, ma and MB is more about the what so i

Ma is now we decompose the funding paradox into the DG over the M and DM over df and DG. DM is the movement principle. The Gospel is the Porter and the vendor Stein and the M and the F is about the camouflage, the scientific approach and the Nanda, the entrepreneur, finance, invasion, entrepreneurship. And first component is positive. Second component is negative. Now TA is on the there are also two parts, ta paper and TV paper, which is first is

B by V and second is no m by V, and the second is d by v, and the Gospel for TA is

precise. The better.

And the second is.

D Y V and M, sorry, m by V and D by V, M by V is T, A and D Y v is TB. TB may not have surprise. It's like thing connected with is, yeah, it's connected with the previous building on the TA module.

So it analyzes the Zoom inners and zoom outers and those tears.

The third module is the E now motional, so like perhaps I should start the E module with the summary of the four modules previously. So I have introduced five variables, F, M, G, v, d. Now actually f and g are clearly measured, and M is also measured, but this is a function of V and D, and F m to G is Ma, and F to M is MB, and,

yeah, maybe you might want To change the second module as v, right? It's about Yeah, V A and V v i,

just call them, yeah, VM and VD. I think that might be better. So unlike the first transcript, we changed the second module to V and the first sub agents of the second the V module is 3m and the second module is 3d

a VM and VD, VM and VD.

Um, yeah, let's just change the first two module as well. So the first one is mg and second one is MF, mg and MF mg, MF and VM and VD. M module has mg and M, F and second Module V has 3m and V d, so

Albo Emo, module is motional escape, and this is motional, is slowly. They're very specific about their technology solution provider as a first pilot, they were the first starter up to pilot the RoboTaxi in 2000 I think, 70, and they have very high F from Hyundai, the joint venture, and they have,

but they don't have a profitable

business model yet, But your aim is by 2027,

first commercial robot taxi, and had like another like it has been delayed, and their rank has been falling from fifth to 16th as a technology group as well. And their aim is to have like more commercial, and the E module more commercial and make it like path to profitability. Um, like this module investigates it, and we suggest three things, acculturate and platformize and evaluate your culture. Rate is

Dynamic coordination or acculturate, The provisional commitment.

And I'm

so this means you need a dynamic coordination protocol that communicates the temporary and uncertain position and listing some factors that may cause this recalibrating and reframing, such as the technology dominant technology changes From radar to the or LIDAR to the camera only.

Or like sudden accidents or regulation risk

and second, you need platformization, like, perhaps because, or I guess platformization comes first, rather than collaborating only with the OEM partners, the AV is more like it requires not only an expose the connection of A software and a hardware. So you need

interesting I

perhaps like when I explain the emotional case, I can also say, however, like, even though they have been a stair like this, is very natural, because, unlike other industries, mobility industry has a very high vagueness and low movement because they are doubly binded by the need to be flexible because of the high uncertainty For environments, uncertainty, but also they need to commit to get funds. So this causes the higher mobility ventures failure, which is 5% compared to the other industry, like quantum computing, which is like 12% so my point is the emotional like high, yeah, actually, don't mention the high vagueness, but more on the low growth rate, right? Yeah, low growth rate is natural thing. It is, it is normal to be hard. However, given the movement principle, we want motional, which is experiment experiencing the low V, high F and low M state. And propose or prescribe three solutions, using operations for entrepreneurs, tool and the orders of platform eyes, acculturate and evaluate and platformize, not only OEM partners, but also the manufacturers, hmgis or and the network players to distribute the service, and like the hardware and the software, the vehicle Uber and Lyft and second, the

acculturate the dynamic Protocol.

No a call, trade comment to movement. Should communicate the volatile and deep, uncertain situation in the mobility sector and the risk of committing to position, not committing to movement and lists like planning in advance and have discussion on what factors can trigger the change, either in the States or the utility, the reframe and recalibrate and third, The evaluate which is the dashboard that collects or establish the common sense that can further, or that can that enables coordinated action given common knowledge or dynamic coordination, given common knowledge so.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
