Angie.H Moon  0:02  
So the five modules of my thesis is I am CTD and I, this follows the Schubert's fantasy, 934, which has 113, lines, and I is one to 11, M is 12 to 40 8c, is 49 to 80, and T is 81, to 104 and D is 105 to 113, and The it starts from the cash paradox, which is the more funding, early funding, the last growth you observe. And I explain, the explanatory variables, V, D, A, and the dependent variables, E and G, and then the M is composed of two parts. Each of them has the gospel of the field, which is mostly based in entrepreneurship. And the given that null model, what are the puzzling observation, and also how we provide the lens to the solution. And the first movement principle is the gospel is the porter's positioning theory, and the D, G, D, A is larger than zero. That is surprising observation or puzzling observation. And lens to solution is strategy is dynamic, not static. Now the next the gospel. So this is called movement principle, and the second one is cash to cage. And here it is entrepreneur as experiments and scientific entrepreneurship is the gospel, and which are poses, which frames the entrepreneurship as experiments. And it to do experiment, the investors fund to do so. And under this no model, it implies that the D, A, D, E is positive, meaning the more funding you have, the more learning you should have. But that is not the case, and perhaps what we can try more here is when V is high, then the experiment works, but if V is low, meaning that if the prior is sharp enough, then perhaps it's negative. So yeah, that's the hypothesis. Now the C is now we look into several cases where we separate into four parts, where d is smaller than zero and d equals d is very small, like almost zero or smaller than epsilon, and D is larger than zero, and we track the DG de, so the first one, DG de, given the D is smaller zero is mover one, we call zoom in type and the D, G, D, E, where d equals zero, there is a two types where D is smaller than zero or small or almost zero or smaller than epsilon. First is they don't change at all, including their keywords. Whereas the keywords change a lot. So they're like, really moving around on the same the level. And the D is larger than zero. We call it zoom out. So there's her mover type three, and d g, d A, and d A, D E, I hypothesize or predict that the first one is positive and positive and the second one. So zoom in type they so you can interpret the D G, D A as the movement is effective, and D A, D, E, S,

Angie.H Moon  4:34  
efficient move and effective move.

Angie.H Moon  4:49  
And both are positive for the zoom in type and for zoom out type as well, but for the stairs that I assume that the stair would be negative because they are not effectively moving. Yeah. In fact, they are not moving. Like, if you impose the d small than epsilon, I think it would be minus plus for both, meaning they do move, and the more, yeah, this is really, I don't know, yeah, perhaps it would be interesting if the sign changes right, like minus plus and plus minus or plus minus and minus plus For the stair versus move around. Type, so stair, they move effectively, but efficient move, it's not an efficient move. Whereas the moving around, they are moving efficiently, but the moves are not effective. Now the T is from line 81, to one or four, and it's commit to trap. We just like the Fantasy has the tempo that goes back to the original part, we revisit the cash paradox, given what we establish in m and c, which is movement principle and cash To cage and cash to growth.

Angie.H Moon  6:40  
And the gospel here is, or we explain the cash paradox as some movement principle and the cage effect, meaning they explore like efficient or effective move is governed by the early stage funding. And also we bring up the new another paradox, which is twin paradox, which is the precision paradox.

Angie.H Moon  7:27  
So people think that in terms of signaling or learning terms, it is better to be more specific. But the puzzling observation is the q3 of the vagueness has the highest growth. Why is that? We explain it either it's because the movement is more effective or more efficient, and the solution to prevent this is Bayesian hygiene. You intentionally add the doubters to your organization.

Angie.H Moon  8:09  
So the last module D is from 105 to 113, and it the limitations are three. First is we should compare the exit options of high versus low early funding. So for very talented company which earn huge early funding, they might have just be an emanate. So the response to that is we excluded the M and A options. And this, like the companies we are observing, is those who had early stage funding in 2021 and later stage funding in 2024 and the second one is about the causality, whether the rigid company received the funding or the funding the company that received the funding got rigid. The validity of the V is also possible. I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
