Angie.H Moon  0:00  
There's office. Oh, Eric wonderful is known for, oh, you're Chinese. Yes, I like, that's very cool. Yeah, I think that's very important, especially especially in business school. Yeah, that's cool. You're a king, yes, and that's your vowing, yeah, it's, I am trying to practice a piece called Fantasia fantasy. Yeah, I think it's very important for entrepreneurs to fantasize about their hardships. Yes, that's cool. And I heard that the composer of the scope, he's Schubert, and that was his last score.

Unknown Speaker  0:53  
A lot of talent, people died.

Angie.H Moon  0:56  
Why do you think this is for you? Oh, thank you. Yes, this is awesome. It's for

Speaker 1  1:04  
your recovery of your usual I saw, like ginseng and type,

Angie.H Moon  1:10  
not this, yeah, ginseng ever seen? Thank you. Thank you. You can send a sofa if you want. It's very comfortable. How's everything? How's your research? Yeah, thanks for asking. I like where it's heading, but it's also you need to be rigorous about it, and meaning there are a lot of statistical deceptions. Statistics is that area where you get deceived by the message you want to extract. So I'm trying to be objective about how I view the data.

Speaker 1  1:53  
That's important, because a lot of I think intuition people, intuitive people tend to you have to have that awareness to get the Yeah, reality.

Angie.H Moon  2:05  
But I feel, I don't know, some people think scientists are not, should not advocate for some things, but I think scientists eventually are human as well. And just like politicians, we need to have some message when we communicate our like life worked, right? So I tend to be not too objective. What do you think about that?

Speaker 1  2:33  
I'm not very intuitive. I don't mean intuitive meaning subjective. I think sometimes you just get a strong sense of something naturally. So I'm trying to be like, that's why I studied a lot of quantum based, like major I study theories in order to balance my intuition. But when I talk to people, I still use a lot of my like natural

Angie.H Moon  3:01  
that's interesting. Tell me some intuitions that you have. I'm abandon this. I'm interested in your intuition.

Speaker 1  3:12  
So when I see people, I have intuition about, oh, what kind of person is i? Sometimes even I start to categorize people, because I realized my intuition is more about people. I start to feel like in this world, for different races, they have different kind of looking but only a few. So you will realize this person looks really like the other person that they don't know each other. So you can actually put people into different kind of walking that is associated with different kind of personality.

Angie.H Moon  3:51  
Believe it or not, I was reading a book like that this morning. Yeah, it's called, I don't know how to write in Chinese, was like, Cool. So there is a core, yeah, is how we look. And like, what is the role of eyes and our eyebrows and the nose? And yeah? Tell me more. Tell me more about this specific category. Yeah, I can share what I read today?

Speaker 1  4:21  
Oh, yeah, yeah. I think people are different, and then, over time, you will establish your own comfort zone about people, like there are some kind of looking people you want to avoid. But when you have your your sense get too strong. You actually become too like, not growth mindset. Yeah. So my message of person become too strong. That's I decided to like as long I learned that people actually have many, many different i. Aspect about themselves. So if I learn to not judge, like I'm a very judgmental because of the sense about looking, oh, I've been researching this. So I've been so I started to look at people in eyes and ears.

Angie.H Moon  5:23  
Ear is important, yes, is very important. You're not showing me your ears. That's that strategy.

Speaker 1  5:29  
Yeah, my strategy is not, because I actually have small ears. And then realize I'm researching. What does small ears mean? Because in Asia, Asian, this theory you big ears is good,

Angie.H Moon  5:44  
yeah, yeah. It's like, a sage, right? Exactly.

Speaker 1  5:46  
So I was like, Okay, if I have small ear, that's not me. I should just settle with Well, I am. And then I start to research my Do you know, ba, gua, no.

Angie.H Moon  5:57  
So what's, how do you spell it? Well, I didn't expect today to Google,

Unknown Speaker  6:05  
Google, yeah, you can use this

Angie.H Moon  6:21  
one, yeah. How Angie, yeah, yes, I am a strong follow up, yeah.

Speaker 1  6:34  
And also, in different theory you have, you're looking associate with the time and the day you learn, yeah, I think that's sometimes. It's true.

Angie.H Moon  6:48  
I don't go to that level, yeah, but I think I want to learn about your philosophy of face, like, because I, my ideal type of person is a man. I'm not limited to men, but I think love is possible with any type of things. So yeah, as long as it has an eye, yeah, but I like the twinkle in people's eyes. It's not that serious for like, playfulness in your eyes.

Speaker 1  7:19  
Oh yeah. I like the eye to be, like, crystal clear and like smiling eyes. I think ears are important in terms of energy, because, like, I've talked to people, people told me that based on my the day birth, of my day birth, my ear is not so strong. It's because my body cannot follow my mind. I talk too much in mind, like my weight of thinking is too fast and I my body cannot follow my mind, and it consumes too much energy. So my kidney, the energy in the kidney, cannot grow as much to support here.

Angie.H Moon  8:03  
So kidney and ears are somewhat pain,

Speaker 1  8:06  
but kidney is sometimes born with your mom. When they carry you, they give you the kidney, the energy in kidney, so that's your natural born energy, and then this digestion is your energy accumulate later.

Angie.H Moon  8:27  
Is it like? By eating healthy foods, you take care of yourself, so gain energy

Speaker 1  8:32  
eating so you have, yeah, you have to take care of that for like as your kids. That's important because but later on, even you want to revert it with healthy food, not as much as you can grow as a kids. So raising your kids is very critical, because, yeah,

Angie.H Moon  8:55  
you should eat a lot of healthy food during young like seafoods.

Speaker 1  9:01  
Yeah, actually, I do not eat any snacks. Like, I don't like eat snacks. It's just my personality, based on my birthday, is type of like, I can easily be under stressed without knowing and stress is the worst to your digestion. Oh yeah, yeah.

Angie.H Moon  9:23  
When were you born? When, like, what? When's your birthday?

Unknown Speaker  9:29  
March, 19 and midnight?

Angie.H Moon  9:31  
Oh, very nice to midnight. Yeah. July 10.

Speaker 1  9:36  
July 10. Okay, chat. You can put your date worth to chatgpt. Chatgpt is pretty accurate in terms of analyzing.

Angie.H Moon  9:47  
I'm afraid chatgpt might judge me based on my birthday and all that.

Speaker 1  9:52  
I'm happy to let it. I also judge me like, am I dumb? Because if I am dumb, person. I will stop developing my career and be a happy woman forever like this. Criticize me. Otherwise, you always have the ambition right to do more. What if, naturally, you're not born to do something like that? Then I can, I can just be done.

Angie.H Moon  10:21  
Yeah, yeah. Like, part of me is saying the reason why I didn't closely started this was, first, I don't want to be too judgmental. And second, I don't want to analyze myself. And somehow, if some bad thing I have, I might be discouraged, so sometimes, not knowing it's better, but still, I cannot suppress my curiosity.

Speaker 1  10:44  
Knowing yourself is good, like, know what you are born like, what you are gifted and what you need to overcome. I asked someone to analyze, like, there's some, like, fortune teller kind of people, also in Korea, a lot of right? I asked them one this girl is more on a new generation fortune teller. So I asked her that the thing you tell me and the good and bad fortune are coming, do you think they are deterministic or probability based, like there's the confidence interval or not? She said, Yes, what you're born with will set you the baseline, but the ceiling is depend on how much you can overcome the not as good thing that come with you when you're born. So if you overcome something, for example, me, I'm like, Okay, I think too fast. That means you're full of thinking in your mind. So if you can, if I can be more calm and think less, which is great to a lot of people, like to a lot of people, they don't need to worry about this to me, like I need to think less in order to be the upselling. So it's good. So now I start to practice in class.

Angie.H Moon  12:11  
What's the what's your approach of thinking less sleeping?

Speaker 1  12:17  
I realized the only thing to stop me is just knock me die.

Angie.H Moon  12:20  
I mean, I am sure you would be thinking during your sleep,

Speaker 1  12:27  
yeah, it's less tiring. And then I started one day I feel really tired, and then not like spontaneously, I start to do meditation because you feel you need to shut down like a computer. Yeah.

Angie.H Moon  12:43  
I the way I approached that problem was I decided not to go two step ahead, but one step ahead.

Speaker 1  12:50  
Oh, yeah, stay present is very important.

Angie.H Moon  12:53  
Yeah, I think like I am confusing myself between one step ahead Angie and two step ahead Angie, like they are fighting with each other. So just, but that said, I think, where is the photo? There is a photo I really like. Yeah, I really am enjoying our chat today. Thank you, partly because it was unexpected. Oh, really, yeah, this is the picture I like. Oh so you only see, yeah, like 1/8 I think, is my heuristics for like, how much I share with others how much I think, but

Speaker 1  13:44  
Oh yeah, yeah. Sometimes people I think, you might also be someone who think very fast, and then I'm like, think very fast, but that the bad consequences. I cannot explain myself very, very well because I think too much and try to express everything. I had a huge my biggest failure this semester is doing pitch like my first practice pitch is complete fail. I think on the stage it's five minutes I try to share too much, yeah, and then that thing happens, really

Angie.H Moon  14:21  
bad, because audience don't know what you're talking about. Yes, you share your complex thinking,

Speaker 1  14:29  
and you try to help them fill in with context, without leaving any space for them to like. You know, they can ask you a question as long as you message the most important thing. Yeah, that's something I learned. Like, I love it. I've never experienced that, like, kind of failure in class. Like, exams are easy, everything, especially business school class. You know what I mean. Sometimes. Is not that challenging, but that feels well in the operation, really. Thank you. Yeah, I think it's I it's not that hard compared to our undergrad. Then I was seeking for failure, and that's that hit me really hard. I was like, Oh, my God, how

Angie.H Moon  15:21  
did you measure the level of failure from there?

Speaker 1  15:24  
So I have the intuition about people, right? So I still interpret people from their face expression. The thing I don't know what you me as a non native speaker, I'm living here. I'm very, very sensitive about people's face. When you talk in English, I have an expectation from their face. For example, if I talk in English, I want to see from their face. Oh, very impressive. You're like, that kind of thing, and they treat you as a native speaker. But when you start to see from their face, like too slow, not as good, but I don't want to hurt you. I know you're not native speaker. I don't want to hurt you. You feel the empathy from their face. And I was like, I can't interpret that. And I was like, okay, they feel sorry for me, and they are too nice to share it, and I feel I'm I failed, but not because of them. They're being very nice to me, but me not meeting my expectation. You know what I mean?

Angie.H Moon  16:33  
Don't you have experience side effect of interpreting or sensing too much I have? Yeah, it's too much. I need to shut it down. No. Thinking a lot and sensing a lot are two different things. Yeah, in reinforcement learning, yeah, the dimension of the states you're inferring is the sensing part. And thinking is, like, how many chains you are? Like, oh, yes, stop. So had so like, but it seems you're doing both of them. I'm doing both of them exactly. I sense a little less. But, yeah, I'm just curious about how you think about

Speaker 1  17:09  
that that's tiring. I have to tell myself that. I have to tell myself that it doesn't mean anything, and they don't actually don't care about you that much. Yeah, keep telling myself about that. That's a gift as well as, like, a curse, interesting.

Angie.H Moon  17:30  
So like tell me one more thing before moving on. I really like this topic, but we can spend the whole day discussing,

Unknown Speaker  17:38  
give up the doctor thesis and start i people more fun? Yeah.

Angie.H Moon  17:46  
So, um, what other than I like? What other than eyes and ears do you see from when you first impress the people? I think it's general. Walk me through your process, like the first time you saw me. What do you think about me?

Speaker 1  18:02  
Oh, I think you must be very smart. Why like Korean people? They have different types. You are the smart Korean people type. I know very so, because it's not just the face, it's about the entire feeling about this person. And also, I think you are trying, you're very curious person, and also a little bit competitive. That's my guess.

Angie.H Moon  18:34  
Where do you like take up the sense of competitiveness?

Speaker 1  18:42  
Like compared to the other, like, career friends, I know you are more direct denim, which is what I like about people. And I think direct people is trying to is direct, because they're trying to be efficient, and that's a reason for competition, because you want to, like, maximize the return by being very efficient. Yeah, not the bad type of competition, like competitive can be like, good and bad, yeah.

Angie.H Moon  19:21  
Would you mind if I share about my thoughts on competition, my feedback? On your feedback? Yes. So I my philosophy of life comes a lot from days and competition, and there you have a ugly posterior space, yes, and it's important to run parallel chains to explore the geometry. Okay, so, yes, I am competitive, but it's more like competition between the four chains, yeah, within me, yes, exactly, yeah, I guess like, and that's one reason why I think a lot, because I try. Try to brute force many different situations, different angles, exactly.

Speaker 1  20:05  
That's something I have been struggling with. So I learned a lot from reinforcement learning, not because the math part, but I think it's a theory, yeah, oh no, it's a philosophy. It's a theory about that kind of philosophy. I think my interpretation is so hard for me. So I think one only thing I remember is that there are many pathway to reach the final optimized goal, not a unique solution. There are many, many pathways that you can use the final, same converged, optimal goal. And then also it is very hard, even for the most intelligent people in the world to think the destination like the closed form of the destination. If no know that, you can solve it perfectly. But it's very hard to think so many steps away, but you can always what you can do is, given the current situation, make the most wise decision for your next step, and that's it. You can you can't optimize for and for people like you or like me. I always want to find that path, that shortest path, to get the final conversion, which is unrealistic, you never know. So that makes me feel, Oh, that's a life philosophy I can live with.

Angie.H Moon  21:33  
So Vivek has given a talk on I forgot the name, but the idea was, instead of starting from the current state start from the end and then back toward and I think here we can have two chains, one going from forward and from backward. And yes, they converge. And it's you're on the shortest path. Yeah, yeah. That's my way of,

Speaker 1  21:54  
oh, that's important. I feel like your life mission is important. You don't need to be conquered, but you, for example, my life mission is help underserved people so that I feel my life is fulfilled.

Angie.H Moon  22:09  
That's actually your mission. Or, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:11  
that's my destination. I think that's also born with it's not saying I'm a good person or no, it's just like everyone for feel different about their mission. I think my mission is to help, like, change the policy, to make the make a life better for some, some people, that's my destination, and in order to get there, I can be wearing many different hats. Yeah, yeah. Interesting. What do you think about your destination?

Angie.H Moon  22:42  
Oh, my philosophy is ergodic.

Speaker 1  22:45  
Life ago, that life, yes, that's cool. When did you figure out that? That's a great question.

Angie.H Moon  22:58  
May I come back to you about that question? Yeah, yes,

Speaker 1  23:01  
that's I'm curious, because people figure out their destination at different age.

Angie.H Moon  23:07  
How about you?

Speaker 1  23:10  
I've always know, like I'm a sensing person. You can figure I always know I want to do something like that,

Angie.H Moon  23:19  
just for our future reference, let's be very honest about how I how we think about ourselves.

Speaker 1  23:25  
Oh, yeah, so I always know I want to do something like that, but it's very strange to tell people that you want to do some mission like that. People was like, think you are unrealistic and you are very strange, especially in China. Like I used to think I want to be the president of the country.

Angie.H Moon  23:50  
Yes, no. It's so funny. I just told my advisor yesterday, I want to be Korean president.

Speaker 1  23:58  
You can do that. That's so good fabric. I really think about that. Keep that on your list.

Angie.H Moon  24:03  
Yeah, it's so funny that we met today. Oh,

Speaker 1  24:07  
see the universe, you attract people who come to you. Yeah, sorry I took like, cut you off. No, no, I'm happy to figure out you also have that very strange thoughts. Yes, I feel that's the way you can. Like, people, know, some, I used to work with some, like, Why do my company? And when I tell them that I need you to entitle me in order to do this, he, he's, he's feeling is like I want power, but then I figure out I don't want your power. I don't care your power. I need more responsibilities, like you just give me more responsibility because I want change, but if you don't entitle me, it's very hard just to use influence. Right? That's not efficient. Like give public speaking to influence people is not efficient.

Angie.H Moon  25:08  
Sorry, there were three nouns, I think, power and responsibility and influence. I don't know how they

Speaker 1  25:14  
relate with each other. Oh, so at work,

Angie.H Moon  25:18  
power, influence and responsibility. Oh,

Speaker 1  25:20  
that's very important in startup setting as well. So in startup, many people wear different hats, yes, so,

Angie.H Moon  25:30  
so let's say you are a CEO and our CTO, what you might have more power, right?

Speaker 1  25:36  
I have Yes, unknown. I think we are like, almost the same. One is external, one is internal. We have the power to move people around and people look up. We also have a huge responsibility to keep the business running. And whatever we say, also have a great influence to people in the company. But say, I was department head, and I also influence a lot of product development. My power of moving people around to the position they are most good at is within my department. If I see someone from product side who should not sit in that position because of the incapability, and I just don't think a good fit. I can only influence in a very political way. I cannot directly target. Let's say that. I can only say I think he is a better fit for something else, not this one, like influence. And then my responsibility is take care of my department, to support other product line, my response and but as a stop startup, early joiner, I also feel the responsibility, like my CEO, to keep the business running. That's the actual responsibility outside of your department head role because you are a startup owner. So when I tell my credit risk officer that I want to be entitled to be like had our product or something, he thought I want the power to move people around, but what I want is to make my sense of responsibility matching with the power.

Angie.H Moon  27:27  
Yeah, I'm thinking of how to make a good sentence with the three words.

Angie.H Moon  27:37  
So to be responsible of your mission you can you have capability to influence others, to do so like a reinforcement way, but people misunderstand us. You want a power?

Speaker 1  27:49  
Yeah, no, in order to make the influence, I think it's more like in order to influence the company growth the way I want, the level I want, I want more responsibilities, like legit responsibility, not like when people see you, they see you as your responsibility in people's eyes, matches with power. If you are department head, people think your responsibility this part, not that part, but if you start taking more responsibility, that is out of your power range, people do not believe someone will operate like that, because that's non profit driven. When people see you become non profit driven, they don't trust you, they feel like you are hypocrite. So when it's it's hard to reach the influence I want. If my responsibility is outside of my power, my sense of responsibility, I think that's a better way.

Angie.H Moon  28:57  
Well, power is very like a malleable concept. I'm struggling with this

Speaker 1  29:03  
understanding that's very hard. I think I asked Simon Johnson, his pastor, what does power mean to you? Power and progress? Yes. He said, like when you are sitting on the policy making table, whether you can get what who the people with higher power, more power is people who can get what they want. If I'm sitting on a table with CEO and other department head, I most likely will get what I want for my department,

Angie.H Moon  29:37  
just like action, you have the action in your mind you want, and like, you are influencing the world so that this is chosen as the best action, yeah, yeah. So alignment with what you wanted and what you observed, wanted and observed, and like, that's, yeah, it's one that it's like a powerful person,

Speaker 1  29:58  
exactly the. External you and the inside you needs to be aligned.

Angie.H Moon  30:06  
Yeah, like one methodology I developed in the Bayesian computation is called simulation based calibration. So this is similar in the sense that you have the prior and you sample like 1000s of them, and you generate the data, and based on the data, you infer the posteriors 1000 set generated by each of the samples. So if the two distribution match, that means your system is well calibrated. So, like, well calibrated system is a powerful system. Yes, it can drive in a way you intend to drive.

Unknown Speaker  30:40  
Oh, I like that, yes. Hmm, interesting.

Angie.H Moon  30:47  
Very important for startup culture to be formed like that. Like, you know, the co founders mental model so well, so like, you read, like, complete each other's sentences. That's, I think, what's needed.

Speaker 1  31:01  
Oh, yeah, for sure, that's important. Now solar think reinforcement learning, type of work is important, like, type of style of learning is important. You cannot just keep you need to keep exploring the world, but keeping a good balance and faster iteration, something like that. But yeah, faster

Angie.H Moon  31:29  
iteration to Could you repeat the last sentence?

Speaker 1  31:32  
So you need to. You need to break down the interval of experiment into the certain level that you learn enough, but not messing up the company, the order of operation. If you do too much change within a short period of time, it's really messy, although you learn a lot. And I learned that I start out for some time, period of time, we learn purely by tri arrow, but you should learn try arrow. What the best timing to learn try arrow is you have a MVP of system that can organize your try our results. Otherwise, whatever you try, you cannot organize in a way to, yeah,

Angie.H Moon  32:27  
that's where the vet comes in. Yes. You need a structure to store in what you learn exactly. You need to know where this unexpected signal corresponds to, to the exact prepared?

Speaker 1  32:43  
That's actually important, but not a lot of stuff. Owner has the vision of building a empowering map. They tend to use analyst like manual process to do trial, because that's just the farthest way in the short term to get some results. And the founders, a lot of them, have a strong belief in their intuition. Yeah, yeah.

Angie.H Moon  33:15  
So, you know, I work on Bayesian entrepreneurship, so the I so the professor, Scott stern, and some Bocconi University people and Utah people, they have a paper criticizing the lean startup methodology, because sometimes you need to have high impact, low frequency decision, and that's You need to prepare a lot in order to you need to observe enough before acting to create this key of as, yeah, yeah. That's, that's

Speaker 1  33:55  
the thing I'm thinking whether the ling because Chinese founders really like the ling startup structure that's all the Chinese startup like, grow up like that. So they strongly. Even the Asian Americans, like all my founders, are Asian American, they will just say, Hey, look at how Ali Pei grow up. They are so lame. They were so lame and productive, I was like but they are facing a very different competition environment. So whatever how, no matter how many mistakes, they have a very wide range of mistake tolerance. That's why you cannot tell whether it's a link structure that help them to grow, or it's the policy and economy environment that grow them that's

Angie.H Moon  34:50  
not helpful for social experiments, right? No, yeah, like it's a system that is that has degeneracy is very hard. For learning to accumulate.

Speaker 1  35:01  
Yeah, that's so hard. And then everyone follow, because people don't like to

Angie.H Moon  35:07  
know what we should do. We should make you as a Chinese president,

Speaker 1  35:10  
I really want Do you have a strategy? I'm thinking so I'm thinking not a president, but someone who can influence policy. So if I stay in FinTech, and I can build my own startup that is like in a decent size that people believing I can operate very well in private sector, and I start to build my personal branding so that when I'm back in China, the policymakers will be wanting me to join their or think tank, something like that, so I can influence them being a president. Chinese like it's dangerous, I think, very dangerous, and then it's very hard. I don't have the background they need.

Angie.H Moon  36:06  
You mean, like the family or, yeah,

Speaker 1  36:09  
or maybe they will change mind, yeah,

Angie.H Moon  36:14  
wow. I really

Speaker 1  36:16  
we should be the president of Korea and China. Yeah, collaborates.

Angie.H Moon  36:20  
Yeah, yes, promise. We should remember today, like, December 13, 2025 Yeah. Like, who knows, 30 years later?

Speaker 1  36:33  
Yeah, it's long time, right? Yeah, we have enough time to go there 30

Angie.H Moon  36:37  
years later. Like, we're gonna sign some treaty on December 3, yeah, 2055,

Speaker 1  36:46  
I feel like the critical part of my like next career path, like, to that destination is communication. I cannot talk like whatever I want to talk like this anymore, public speaking,

Angie.H Moon  37:03  
what efforts are you putting in?

Speaker 1  37:06  
So I think startup is a very, very tough journey. So if I can go through one complete journey to Series B, revenue generation and scaling stage, this process will train me very well to be a public figure.

Angie.H Moon  37:25  
Yeah, that's true. That's true. Like I myself, is putting me in a situation where I need to keep persuading my two advisors, like, who I don't know where their mental model came from. I'm engineering background. They are like business school professor with one with operations and one with strategy. So I agree with you, like communication is like goal alignment. And not only that, you need to know what state, what precision they have in certain fields,

Speaker 1  37:55  
yeah, especially if you are at the power of account national level, you need to negotiate with the other party, and then communication is key. Yeah.

Angie.H Moon  38:08  
And, like, gaining trust, I think, comes mostly from effort, effort.

Speaker 1  38:12  
Yes, yes. Like, you get a very clear, like, very promising path, because Mexico president, shinbong. Do you know her shin bond is the first woman. There are many women president coming up this year's right? They are, yeah, wow, Japan, right? And then Mexico is in someone from France, like Europe, country. They are all women, like, of Germany as one, right? Shimbun is the first Mexico like she has held an engineering PhD in Environmental Engineering, something so the dynamics of power is changing.

Angie.H Moon  38:55  
Yeah, but I'll definitely think about the power and responsibility

Speaker 1  39:00  
we often. People often mistake women because they think they want the power, but woman often time is seeking like responsibility.

Angie.H Moon  39:13  
Yeah, yeah, you know my philosophy about using other people to know what I want to do that's like, what how I think, like your goal of serving underprivileged people. I My ideal is not too different from that, and I think there is economic reasoning for me to choose that, because I think when I'm feeling some emotion, I cannot use my state to reinforce myself, so I need other people to, like reinforce myself, meaning, yeah, that doesn't make sense.

Speaker 1  40:00  
Yeah, you mean you're you don't want an emotion to be the dominant.

Angie.H Moon  40:05  
Ah, sorry, I'm bad at communication too. So my point is, like, you know uncertainty principle, right? Like your position and state, sorry, position and velocity, they cannot be measured exactly at the same time. So here the state is like, it tells me what I should do next. And the momentum, this and this, I think, like, Yeah, this is momentum, and this is like, so this is like, think of it as velocity. I think this is two over some plank. But here this x is something like a state, my state, which I used to train myself, okay, and this is like, where I should move. So if both of the source is for me, then I know for sure it's inaccurate, yeah, so I should rely on others, like, for instance, if I do something and they're happy and that's, um, like, divide and conquer, like, division of labor, of how I should train myself. Okay, if that makes sense, kind of, kind of, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So just to say that, rather than doing what you want to do, like what you makes you happy, it's more accurate and less noisier to use other people's happiness or satisfaction for to guide you. That was my interpretation of your goal. In some sense, my goal is, I don't, I think my senior mouth,

Speaker 1  41:46  
yeah, I think that's kind of like, No, I don't like, yeah, you're mathematical. So I was thinking, yeah, I really like having, like, I need validation from people, yeah, yeah. That's how I was born. But my inner happiness comes from other people's happiness. Otherwise I won't feel happy, Yeah, unfortunately, that's how I born with and people I find there are people who can just be happy with with many different things, traveling.

Angie.H Moon  42:28  
You may disagree, but I think we are saying the same thing in the sense that manager again, yeah, you are. You are same thing. Yeah, like my point was, my happiness cannot be measured by how I feel, but by observing how other people

Unknown Speaker  42:44  
feel, yes, yes. Okay, cool, that's interesting.

Angie.H Moon  42:50  
I'm sure I cannot find anyone on Earth have this kind of sit down conversation. Me too. Yeah, you're very special to me.

Speaker 1  43:00  
Oh, thank you. We have a deal I know, yeah, to find people to make deal with. It's

Angie.H Moon  43:11  
changing. The

Speaker 1  43:17  
PDF is that the paper of the presentation, and paper is that me? Yeah, start your main research for your whole PhD.

Angie.H Moon  43:27  
I cannot see my future now, but that's what I'm interested the most now,

Speaker 1  43:34  
and that's a school of entrepreneurship theory like that's one branch.

Angie.H Moon  43:42  
It's emerging field.

Speaker 1  43:43  
Emerging field, okay, I've been always like wondering, what can you research in a business school? To us, and also we had a question, what can you research in accounting?

Angie.H Moon  44:01  
Tell me more. So we we

Speaker 1  44:04  
like from fellows, we have been wondering, for example, besides a new accounting system that you can

Unknown Speaker  44:10  
design, who's this fellow? Oh, most a lot of them have accounting

Angie.H Moon  44:16  
background. Oh, they do

Unknown Speaker  44:18  
like interesting to them, like they

Angie.H Moon  44:20  
are already everything is developed,

Speaker 1  44:22  
so, yeah, it's working. And then if you are PhD, developing a new system makes sense. But if it's not a new system, what else will you research

Angie.H Moon  44:35  
that makes sense? Yeah? But like, yeah, I have to think about that more. But at least entrepreneurship is not a field like that, because entrepreneurs don't have a theory in how they a

Speaker 1  44:48  
lot of people, and also people say it's a people that make dark, yeah, however, I do think there's certain pattern that. Can make a startup more successful. It is true. For instance, for example, there are certain type of people that fit CEO better. For instance, for instance, I don't think I'm a CEO of material. I can make my cell phone because I have too many thinking, like too much thoughts too quickly, and then I also have that multi step thinking, which will drain me down, and I also am a little perfection, I will drain myself to at least five steps forward without stopping. If I CEO and I always keep thinking forward, my energy will quickly burn out. I cannot focus on the most important thing at the moment. So that's from the energy management side. CEO needs to be very focused on the most important thing and not be influenced by any activity.

Angie.H Moon  46:04  
Yeah, you need both sorting skill and focusing skill

Speaker 1  46:09  
and then. But I think I'm a better operation person like COO, because I just listen to what you want to achieve. In order to achieve, I can map out the whole roadmap that I can use my skill to do forward thinking and to achieve that goal, because it gives me the goal already. I don't need to think about the goal. If you ask me, with the goal, I give you 100 possibilities that

Angie.H Moon  46:41  
will be a very useful human resource. Like, if you meet a good CEO, yes,

Speaker 1  46:46  
if I yes at the beginning, might need to, like, I might work as a CEO, but I'm not a CEO material. I think so. I think there are some people that want to be a CEO type, because they naturally do not think that much.

Angie.H Moon  47:04  
I disagree with that in the sense that it's not that they don't think a lot, but they are so used to that thinking, so they have the muscle of thinking. So for instance, we talked about having a very clear life goal, and we think about that all the time. So we are very used to that thinking. So I think the sorting capability comes from there. Like, for instance, I have been in this situation of complete darkness a lot of times, and I have faith in myself, then I can somehow what's the word? Do you know the pedal like, just walk slowly and somehow, yeah, paddle strategy. I call that paddle strategy, yeah,

Speaker 1  47:52  
yeah, you can make yourself, I see. You can train yourself, strength, the muscle to be like that, for sure,

Angie.H Moon  48:01  
and the training would be easier if you really care about the mission and exactly

Speaker 1  48:06  
mission matters the most. Yeah, you have the same mission, and anyone can be a CEO, just better. Yeah.

Angie.H Moon  48:11  
Okay, cool. So to summarize what you just said, Actually, let us just summarize what we have said so forth. First, we talked with the intuition. You had a good impression of the people, and you see a lot of eyes and ears and but you said, it's the sometimes you become too judgmental, so you hold the thought sometimes. And then we chat about our life philosophy, right? Like you your mission of serving people and my mission of ergodic life. And I said, I'll come back to you when I first thought about that. And then we chatted, responsibility and influence and power. And this is very important in startup environment as well, because, and I am a little confused whether like influence and responsibility, they are kind of a causal loop, influencing each other, but I understood what you meant is like woman, some people think they want power, but in fact, they Want in full responsibility, which the latter one seems more altruistic and like kind minded, yeah, which I agree, and then we did? I miss anything?

Speaker 1  49:31  
No, no, perfect, very good memory.

Angie.H Moon  49:36  
No, that's how much I enjoyed this conversation mission,

Unknown Speaker  49:40  
and we have a deal,

Angie.H Moon  49:41  
yeah, go. Okay, so I submitted the thesis draft to my advisors yesterday, so this is very fresh, and I was advocating for two ideas for. First is called movement principle, and second one is golden cage, which triggers your curiosity more. Second one, second one. Okay, cool. So this originates from my experience that time money works value system for startups, example is when you get unexpectedly large amount of cash inflow, then your pattern of exploring or experimenting somehow is all racked and the idea is, or the name is, golden cage. Gold is the money that you got invested and cage because it somehow traps you in pivoting less, or learning less. What's your general thought about that observation,

Speaker 1  50:59  
pivoting less? Why pivoting last?

Angie.H Moon  51:03  
Because your idea might be premature, but by luck, you got a lot of funding, and you forget that you need a lot of more experiment to nurture this idea.

Speaker 1  51:17  
Maybe to i Yeah. So I think before you start a startup, you want it to be very clear about the mission, like the destination you want to serve, that tend to stay quite stable. It's better to be that, but the approach to richdale can be like, very different, interesting.

Angie.H Moon  51:43  
Just to check, there are several successful companies that just spin off the idea, like Slack, yeah. What's your thought about that? Because those are the counter examples of not having a clear mission, right?

Speaker 1  51:58  
I think that is more a i a team oriented startup. So if you have a group of people, you try to get most out of their skill sets. Of course, they will keep pivoting to be like, what is the next product that can get us the most return? They are very methodological. I think startups two types. Recently, I've been reading pitch books so much that I feel like start by two. Type. One is they start with submission, like I will, right? The other is, I have this technology and I have I want to build a great product, either this or that. I want to build a great product, and they are very, very they're also mission driven. But their mission is great product mission,

Angie.H Moon  52:57  
the first type. Their mission is more, broader.

Speaker 1  53:01  
Their mission is more sensation like, Yeah, interesting. I want to serve these people, or I want to make some influence to people's life. But sometimes they start to do deviation. Deviate from this become a great product, mission, startup.

Angie.H Moon  53:22  
I'll show you one diagram, and you're gonna agree or disagree. There's only two answers.

Speaker 1  53:32  
Nice, you're like doing a research for me, because I'm trying. I'm struggling with what type of startup Should I join or stress

Angie.H Moon  53:42  
so just like, us, the first one they have. They're in your second type. They have a technology like IP, L for technology or AV, and they are attracting analyst type of investors. I'll explain more. And this is more vague, yeah, your first time, like, yeah, enhance the consciousness. Nice, exactly. That's what I mean. Okay, cool. Um, so I am I this research started from here, but it pivoted a little, but still same mission, but the problem that should be solved here is having a simulation model of being very specific about your vision, whether that attracts certain type of investors. So I'm calling this analyst type of investors, and this is believer type of investors. And do is it a correct assumption to have you typified the investors too?

Speaker 1  54:47  
I have a few like pitching in front of them, and I really relate to what you're saying. Sometimes you can quickly really. Eight with the investor, just because you had similar life experience, and some investor have more like they are more attracted to visionary than like practitioners. Like, yeah, some investors, they only read the product potential, like read from data, some potential is value driven, yeah, very analytic. Ai sauce to be there's a problem, and you have a demo, great. And you are Harvard graduate, MIT graduate, a lot of data points putting together likelihood of succeed, good. I'll give you 1 million. That one is more. It's hard. The Vision part.

Angie.H Moon  55:48  
What is the core sale?

Speaker 1  55:51  
There? Core sale of the first time? Yeah, I think the core sale is, the pain is real. Market size is big enough you cannot only sell. There's a huge pain, but only for this amount of people.

Speaker 1  56:15  
For example, I pitched my one of my deal is to to you when you first come to the country, you have no idea how to start build a credit. The credit builder product in the market, they are just arbitrage. Your ignorance of how you can build your credit for free, and you can't really know how to build a credit without social security, without people telling you by word of mouth. So my idea is to help people come to this country, and there's a clear path to build your credit without social security number, even better with social care number. But I want to be very transparent and tell them this is the path, and in return the business pay me the lead generation. This is ideal. But if you pitch this to the analyst, type of investor, they have no idea why, because they've never expect to other countries before, and they don't know why, like, how big this market is, they will be very influenced by Trump's policy. And think immigration market is getting done, like, size done. I'm not attracted to this. I don't understand why there's a pain. This is not AI, I don't see, yeah,

Angie.H Moon  57:38  
is it a fair summary that believers are more intuitionist and they're react to a little qualitative based data, like because the pain of an immigrant that seems to be not

Speaker 1  57:53  
persuasive to analysts because it's not quantified. Yeah, it's hard to quantify, and immediately you need to quantify your problem very well to them, even though you can, you still need to put a lot for this type of startup. Don't sell them your vision. Sell them your prototype.

Angie.H Moon  58:13  
So if we frame the startup as need and solution matching or pairing, analysts are more sensitive to the solution or technology, and the believers are more sensitive to the needs, right

Speaker 1  58:26  
to the needs, yes, because that aligns with needs and market. Yeah. These are Yes. Market, same thing, yeah, quantify the needs.

Angie.H Moon  58:35  
Yeah, I will, I will share the paper. Oh, it says My story is full, but I'll share one paper about the heterogeneity of the evaluation differs between the technology and market, so you might find it interesting. Yeah, moving on. So we were talking about the golden cage, yes, and I'm happy that you find this this aligns with your observation, yes, okay, and by the way, I really like disagreements, so be honest about Yeah. So it's the golden Gage. Makes sense in general, like the capital paradox,

Unknown Speaker  59:22  
the um, the golden cage. So since you put the number there,

Speaker 1  59:32  
I think it makes sense, because to me, my intuition is a mature, mature startup founder should avoid golden cage. Then my belief is there are more and more mature startup founders, so the golden cage will be less than like. So I wonder exactly data look like over time.

Angie.H Moon  59:57  
Oh, you're saying so in 2000 like. Like 20 there are. Do you think recently the ritual of the founders are getting better in a fast feed?

Speaker 1  1:00:08  
That's my hope. Because I think VC these days are more responsible. Because this is we are close to a cycle that VC start to you start to see the small VC do not have a lot of return.

Angie.H Moon  1:00:27  
So what was the um, well, if you were doing a time series, what year would you compare with? What year? I don't how long does it go back? When was VCs and both founders foolish enough to,

Speaker 1  1:00:42  
I don't know another experience like research history, I would think, let me know. I think it starts from internet about both time. Oh, 2000 early, 2090 90. Yeah, so 95 or something, that people start to realize that you can invest something with a huge scale, with little money. And start, to start with stock market, I think, and then later on, the BC campaign. I think research China, China BC growth and USB C growth will be a very good like historical research, because they grow really fast during the good years.

Angie.H Moon  1:01:28  
China, China, China. So you're saying, like, if we compare the US and China's, let's say the responsibility, responsibilities of the VC and both founders, that's proportional to So the hypothesis both the more responsible the ecosystem members are, the less golden cage is. Yes, and I'm curious what your prior for us versus China is. So for instance, let's say this is 2010 and this is 2020, and good question. My guess

Speaker 1  1:02:05  
you can do research. Let me know I think us is less risk averse, and China, at the beginning, is more risk averse. And then after the Alibaba success, there is a period time that ride sharing become like, people just throw put money before DD, yeah. There's a Yeah, after didi. I think rideshare bicycle sharing, there's a crazy, like, a few years, yeah, the hype for ride sharing, like bicycle sharing. That's a crazy year. I think these two both have the hype years. Yeah, we see become very irresponsible.

Angie.H Moon  1:02:51  
I see AI, yes, yeah, FOMO, also now AI, golden cage, more is like when you think kind of, yes, I'm

Speaker 1  1:03:02  
very curious about the AI formal and VC, like, if I have time, I'll just start to write a robot to squat growing all the AI companies precede a seed on PitchBook, and see over time, like just within one year, how many of them died? Died because of, because of, like, shutting down a business, purely just by shutting down a business, because they realize it's not because any AI application is a product startup, if you and this is one data point. I'm helping my friend to develop a recruiting tools using AI. And my recruiter friend said, there's a WhatsApp group with 1000s of recruiters, they share tools they found online, and most of them are not useful, and they said, a lot of these tools seems to be developed by amateurs, like they are not recruiter background, trying To develop something for us, and they are useless. You. Yes. And now, nowadays, people think they can develop a lot of things because of AI. You can develop a mobile app with AI. And so people as this illusion that they can develop a lot of thing. But I don't think any startup will be anytime easier without good product design, it's still product not AI, so I'll be very curious your metrics here, like over time, especially after next year. Sorry.

Angie.H Moon  1:04:57  
Message received that. Uh. AI has, like, first of all, FOMO and golden cage. Relevant? I was actually trying that surprised you mentioned that second, AI has a hype and, like, the startup formation rate is very high, right? So it's not the investor FOMO, you're talking but it's more like a founder jumping into the founding a startup without thinking a lot, right? Yeah, so those are two different things. One is, I think founder FOMO, and the other is investor FOMO, and third, I didn't understand WhatsApp, so you are helping the recruiter tool, and there was Whatsapp group, and what was the other group? And, like, what was the message

Speaker 1  1:05:48  
of this? Oh, so this one, what I mean is there are many tools for there were so the competitions are very like strong insolent areas of AI application, for example, HR system sales. There are many applications in the market, and people just flow into that application area. However, the product itself not very material. I see,

Angie.H Moon  1:06:22  
yeah, die because yeah, I had heard similar things, like aI robotics is booming, so one of my friends lab students, they found their startup, and investors, because it is a hype, threw a lot of money at them. And they originally wanted to go a path, but because of this money inflow, they went to B path. So that was exactly yes,

Speaker 1  1:06:44  
yeah, exactly that. I think that cage started to appeal in the bad years for FinTech, people become more cautious about starting a fintech. Now it's AI. People are not very cautious. They just want to try. And the cost of starting an AI application startup is not that high, so they are happy to try. I guess that's why a lot of VC is still, still willing to let you a lot of birth because they don't need to give you a lot of perceived money to for an AI startup.

Angie.H Moon  1:07:20  
Yeah, experimentation, cost is cheap, right?

Speaker 1  1:07:24  
So as long as within the pool, 30% of them eventually exit, their return is still high. So I think if I visualize, I would say the number, the number is a number of cage and the size of cage. So I think recently, there are more, many, many, many, more golden cages, but the size of cages more

Angie.H Moon  1:08:04  
so the So here, the analogy is the number of cages each founder, how many people are jumping into this bandwagon, and the size of the cage is the amount of funding.

Speaker 1  1:08:17  
It's more like the polling system, like theory. It's like the pooling theory. Now you have a big pool with many, many things. So the average risk, like the Yeah, the risk not, like in the past, it's a big size, like a few cage now it's small size, many cages,

Angie.H Moon  1:08:41  
yeah, yeah, that's exactly what Bayesian entrepreneurship finance is explaining. So the idea is they compare hardware versus software, and software has a lower experiment cost, and VCs are more willing to do a long term bet like spray and pray, yeah. And what that led is the average failure rate is higher, but those who succeed is much home run, and that increases the mean of the step up. Yeah, step up meaning, like the pre money, post money of the previous round over pre money of the next round, they grow much more so in your analogy, compared to, like, large two cage versus. I don't know how to write versus in an upside down manner. This is much more like fluid and grow faster, exactly.

Speaker 1  1:09:32  
So to the VC, I'm thinking to them, the return will still be slightly higher than pre AI, but to the

Angie.H Moon  1:09:40  
founders, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:43  
well, I feel good, because if I have an AI application startup and someone give me money, even I fail, meaning no one acquire me not to close the business, it's fine. I complete a. End to end. Process of finishing to any startup founder is a success, and they can use this experience to pivot to any other career path.

Angie.H Moon  1:10:13  
Yeah, that's the reason why software, all the resources focus on software, yeah, because the clock speed is faster. So founders get what they want experience and investor get what they want money.

Speaker 1  1:10:31  
I guess investor will also not just found one founder one time. Sometimes they found this person because they think this person will fail once, but will continue and success on the third time.

Angie.H Moon  1:10:46  
Okay, cool, yeah, so that's a golden cage, and this is the measurement. So the important I am using data, pitch, book data, as you are, and the company description, and the numbers of keywords they have is the main source of vagueness about the business idea. Yeah, so company description, so the idea is interesting, really. So the idea is, even though it's aI application, those who only target like defense tech versus defense tech and like transportation and customer service, those are much vaguer. And from the previous use shape, the more vague you are, the more likely you are in the believer type, whereas if you have a very specific technology, like, let's say I develop like ICBM or something like that, that is very concrete, then you wouldn't have an incentive to add a lot of keywords, so you would be very specific in your promise or the idea. So this initial vagueness creates the options, and the cage analogy comes in in the adaptive so within it starts 2021 and in 2025 how much that vagueness changes, and it can both stay the same or increase or decrease. So increase case is you nailed one market and expand to many other markets, for instance, and decrease is when you start very vague, exploring different markets, and then choose one and focusing on them. So but one concern is, I don't know whether that strategy of starting vague and being specific is valid during the series A, B to C, D. So the data I'm using is this is 2021 and among those who had earned this A or B in 2021 what are their results in C and D in 2025 so are there any companies who get funded for being very have like three options of the market, and then as they scale up, they choose one of them.

Speaker 1  1:13:13  
So your question is, you are not sure. You're not sure if the VC, can you repeat?

Angie.H Moon  1:13:22  
Yeah, sure. So look, is it, are we on the same page? The vagueness is a proxy for how many options of need and solution pair this company has,

Speaker 1  1:13:34  
how many out. So it's more like the likelihood of pivoting.

Angie.H Moon  1:13:42  
Um, it's like feasibility space of pivoting. Then you think of visibility. Does that make sense?

Speaker 1  1:13:51  
So your your your hypothesis, your design of my truck is using the witness to measure the visibility of the path from the visibility, not not visibility. Is it visibility?

Angie.H Moon  1:14:09  
Or just for the examples? So these two companies are in AV industry, with starting from very precise to being vague, which is, I think, believable, whereas vague to precise.

Angie.H Moon  1:14:29  
So the question I had was mostly on this company, so they became very precise, in the sense that they have very specific technology in their company description, compared to like radar and Adas. And this is not the only data I'm using. I'm also adding the keywords, number of keywords as well, but here multiple use cases versus defined application. This kind of eliminating others that don't work and focusing on one of them. Is this dynamics very natural during the AB to CD stage. I know it's very often in like seed or pre seed to AB, because you try many things. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I know what I mean.

Speaker 1  1:15:15  
So your question is, is this but why? What? What does the data tell you? Is that common based on the data?

Angie.H Moon  1:15:25  
Good question. You're a very analyst type of person. Yeah, they have the same proportion.

Speaker 1  1:15:35  
I think that makes sense. They might show some difference in different like vertical in different sectors, overall, I think, to be honest, my initial guess is

Speaker 1  1:16:01  
smaller portion of company will change product and go from a B to C D, but your product is more unlike. So a b will decide your addressable market and your general product to look like, and CD will be more detailed product, but you need. You will not, you would. You will not change product itself from C to A, B, you might completely change your product. Yeah, yeah. I have, I don't know how much you trust the language processing part. I don't know if, anytime I see 5050 I will first check if the language processing like the data source, is still any like thing I can find too.

Angie.H Moon  1:16:55  
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, that's a good point. I

Speaker 1  1:17:05  
or for example, I would, for example, another metrics I can use is the overlap, like sentiment overlap between AB description and CD description to directly measure the change

Angie.H Moon  1:17:23  
sentiment, overlap. Can you say more about

Speaker 1  1:17:27  
how so currently you are measure how vague AB is versus how big CD is, and calculate the delta. Oh, I see I'm directly using the overlap to measure the change.

Angie.H Moon  1:17:42  
So the concern there is the overlap I use for a company, whether that is similar with B Company. That's very subjective, right?

Speaker 1  1:17:52  
Because I'm comparing this the description as stage AB versus description at stage CD within the same company, yeah.

Angie.H Moon  1:18:02  
So my point is, coordinate is defined within the company. So what I'm curious about is how this change, the level of change, influences the growth. Okay, so it's like Angie's yesterday mood and today's mood versus Angie's yesterday mood and today's mood? Yes, within ourselves, we can we know the measurement, but I'm not sure whether my measurement and your measurement would be commensurate.

Speaker 1  1:18:31  
Does it make sense? But the same, right? If you use a vagueness, it's also hard to measure. If your weakness is vague versus my weakness is vague, it's also depends on how you make a quantify that vagueness,

Angie.H Moon  1:18:51  
yeah, oh, that's a good point. I know for a fact that's a good point where is my vagueness for I score.

Angie.H Moon  1:19:07  
So I'm trying to use like two criteria, one is specificity, and the other is the categorical thing. But I think I should give me a second please.

Angie.H Moon  1:19:29  
Yeah, here we go. So the categorical vagueness is, if platform, solution, ecosystem, those are very abstract keywords. So I'm just using the existing literature, yeah. So this is the text we have. Like we develop neural atom, quantum computing with novel architecture, modular architecture. So here I think neutral and atom are specific, so it might pick them up a little and decrease the vagueness. Whereas. Platform or a solution ecosystem, is very vague, but that's one thing. The second thing is more on the numbers like level four or 95% or q3 2024 those are lower the vagueness as well. So it's not completely LLM, do you know what I mean?

Speaker 1  1:20:19  
I'm thinking this approach. I'm just curious you can do like or not, because you only rely on one metric, so you don't know whether it's

Angie.H Moon  1:20:30  
what if, right, yeah, yeah. Have many metric and, like, robustness

Unknown Speaker  1:20:34  
check, yeah, exactly yes.

Angie.H Moon  1:20:37  
Great thing. We share a lot of experience, so I think we kind of come with each other. I don't know, it may be just me being Yeah, yeah. So that was the first part. Actually, this is in my paper. It's the first one is the movement principle, and based on that, the golden cage I'm adding on because the golden cage, it for focuses on the flight of a world. It's like how much free they are is measured by the adaptability. And to criticize that capital constrains the freedom I should for show freedom is important for growth. That's the way I should argue or criticize or warn people not to get too early large funding without proving something.

Speaker 1  1:21:41  
Wait so your what's your goal of this paper? Like, what the hypothesis you have so the

Angie.H Moon  1:21:46  
golden cage don't earn you should earn your money, is what I'm trying to say.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01  
And walk me through the logics of proving Sure.

Angie.H Moon  1:22:04  
So do you want time sequence or reverse sequence, or both?

Unknown Speaker  1:22:12  
Maybe four, four.

Angie.H Moon  1:22:15  
So the paper, first paper, is about movement principle, and that explains maybe it's better explained With the diagram.

Angie.H Moon  1:22:36  
Yeah, so V and A and L, the first one is the movement principle. So I'm showing that the more you move, the more you grow. And also it includes some pattern discovered between the vagueness and how much you move. So there's two message mixed in the first paper, which might marquee the paper, but this part comes from it doesn't matter whether you focus or like, zoom in or zoom out. Doesn't matter which direction it matters less than what you shouldn't do is just stay still. So that's like movement principle. So far, so good. I worry. Yes, okay, yeah, proven, yeah. So what this established is that adaptability is important for growth, and that adaptability is a function of your delta V. And the second paper argues that if you So, this is the graph I'm showing like the analogy I give is tenured professor is like a golden cage their initial like, when they become a tenure, their research is amazing, but then, like, they explore less because, so, you should know, I love analogy, but some for Some people, that confuses people. So, oh yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:24:23  
Yeah, you did not confuse me. Cool.

Angie.H Moon  1:24:27  
So here, what it tells is the early capital amount Yes, and the adaptability yes is negatively correlated. That's the key. Oh, but this is tiny, like, Yeah, but it's surprising, because ventures experiment and VCs invest to experiment, so that implies that capital is there to help learning, but it impedes learning.

Speaker 1  1:24:57  
Oh, so your point is, you. Yeah, even as tiny you hurt yeah, because you mentally

Angie.H Moon  1:25:08  
trapped them, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:25:11  
Okay, so that's your and then you use the pitch book data and the vagueness to prove this, yeah?

Angie.H Moon  1:25:21  
Like the most important thing is this one, but the other is more like an accessory to say that, then why is repositioning important? And I'm arguing, oh, it's important because it influences growth.

Speaker 1  1:25:38  
So I wonder, okay, early

Speaker 1  1:25:49  
capital, so early capital and reposition. So using early capital, the more capital in you, the less you reposition, and thus you hold the growth. Yeah, okay, let me think if, if I am someone who do not believe in this, what would be my argument?

Angie.H Moon  1:26:13  
Devil's advocate.

Speaker 1  1:26:20  
So first I'll be curious about this. But by industry, I want to see if, for certain industry, this number is way bigger, very Yeah, yeah. The reason I won't see a bigger number is I want this paper to be like to offer some help.

Angie.H Moon  1:26:45  
I see, hey, you to be SaaS AI

Speaker 1  1:26:49  
decision number, you should be careful. But if it's general, we see that some industry will always have argument, not not for me, because I'm too busy. I'm very different. This is very general conclusion. I see my first like reaction is that, is that also true for everyone? And then if certain industries stand out, I would wonder, dig deeper. Why?

Angie.H Moon  1:27:16  
So you're asking, under what situation capital helps or hurts the learning.

Speaker 1  1:27:21  
So I want to know, because capital and repositioning, it's, to me, it's intuitively makes sense, but I want to know where, why, so I can take actions

Angie.H Moon  1:27:36  
interesting so you as a founder. So just for your information, transportation has that positive. Yeah. So your intuition is correct, good intuition. So if you are, let's say first scenario, you are in mobility sector, then what would your action be, knowing that you are the only industry among the other that has positive versus if you're outside that industry, like, how would the action differ?

Speaker 1  1:28:07  
So if I'm in I'm a so if I'm off, I'm in the transportation industry. That means, let me think so first, my guess is, transportation startup do not pay for that much, because once they they are so my guess is their startup idea is more technical based for MIT. They have a very specific only use for that. Yeah. So their valuation also, I think it's an interesting extension to is to analyze the valuation early valuation model, which valuation model will like inflate the early capital, which industry tend to have a more inflated valuation model? And is that because the valuation is inflated, so the founder do not want to hurt the valuation, thus they tend to be less like flexible in pivoting, because the valuation number looks so good. So I'm trying to understand why. So the transportation, for example, I will try to unders, like, look at the delta distribution and explain.

Angie.H Moon  1:29:25  
So is it a fair summary that the they don't pivot a lot because of the nature of their technology, or because they got the funding that is higher than they expected? Exactly. So which of the two? Yeah, are they separable? You are trying to prove

Speaker 1  1:29:44  
that this hurt, like, mentally, yeah, yeah, exactly. So I want to isolate any other thing that could the

Angie.H Moon  1:29:52  
analogy here is you have a mathematical skill, and you got into MIT, and you don't want to leave MIT. It's. That because your mathematical skill is only works in MIT, or because you think MIT is somewhat like bigger than you deserve Exactly. So how would you separate the two?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:11  
Which was hard, yeah,

Angie.H Moon  1:30:15  
here we can use like same mathematical skill, but one got MIT, and one going to Harvard, and Harvard somehow escaped, and then it got trapped. Does that explain it?

Speaker 1  1:30:27  
Um, so, for example, if you believe, if you believe, the time does not matter to their success, make assumption, then you can AB test for the same buy now, pay later, company that receive a smaller fund versus larger fund, and they are gross because of that, yeah, are different.

Angie.H Moon  1:30:54  
Is there any way to define the like a pair? Like, what are some? They are twins. We usually call it swing. Companies found their characteristics and IP location. What else?

Speaker 1  1:31:10  
Target market, which is hard, because when they fall, they tend to stay away from each other's target, right?

Angie.H Moon  1:31:19  
Interesting, yeah, because there exists some information on the like, what other companies are in their verticals, like the pitch book, data, the competition relation, right? This is the first time I'm using it. I

Angie.H Moon  1:31:47  
Hmm, maybe later, yeah. But my point was, there is a information on vertical and the competition, but I have no idea how I'm gonna use it, because it's too complicated. Where were we? Worried. Oh, compare between so mobility. You're gonna say we want to separate the two effects of a nature of the technology versus the, yeah, the second one is very hard, because you need two measures, like, what is the right amount of funding that founders thought they would have? So maybe in order to have that expectation, you need to somehow, I don't know, like, with the same characteristics, like, what were the last year's fund average? And if there's a hype, that means you are somehow, like, hype definition is, yeah, you are overestimated. Your valuation is overestimated.

Speaker 1  1:32:40  
Yeah, or if you can find the statistics to prove the hype,

Angie.H Moon  1:32:49  
I think hype is defined by like, kind of this mechanism, right?

Speaker 1  1:32:53  
There are sometimes when we there's down round, like, the next round, you have a smaller valuation line last round, although most of the startup will void up, but it happened for the down round that you have a smaller valuation line than last run. That means you overestimate, if we can find a small portion of company that experience down round, and analyze why they experience down. Wrong is that because

Angie.H Moon  1:33:27  
interesting? So there the causal mechanism is E to A to like F is the next times funding. So this being E, so this increase, decrease, and this happened is because of this,

Speaker 1  1:33:46  
yeah, because of this or the market. It could be same company, one experience done. One is first up and in the same sector, right? In the same sector one experience does. And why am so that? And is that because,

Angie.H Moon  1:34:07  
because we know for a fact that A and G are positive related, right? So G this lower than one is exactly this? Yeah, good idea. Oh, I don't know how to do that, but I will try.

Speaker 1  1:34:21  
Well, I think if we you already have this by industry, right? So if you already have this by industry, it's already a good like stage ending, because to us, we can already analyze, for example, I'm struggling with whether to start in AI sector or in FinTech sector. And looking at this, I will say, okay, so if I invest in this, if I'm an investor, if I invest in AI, I should be very cautious, because too much money might hurt the mind I

Angie.H Moon  1:34:57  
see, I see so. Kind of the ideal graph would be like, there are nine or like, let's say four industries, and the row are being compared. Like, this is plus plus minus minus AI. And like, mobility, I think AI would be here. So my hypothesis more hype as we discussed, more hype and less responsible, the minus is larger, right? So what are other industries that has reputation of irresponsibilities?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:39  
Any high tech

Angie.H Moon  1:35:41  
Quantum? Do you think is hype? Quantum?

Speaker 1  1:35:44  
People do not understand crypto.

Angie.H Moon  1:35:48  
Crypto, yeah. Crypto, okay, yes. I think good, good AI and robotics,

Speaker 1  1:35:57  
AI robotics, there are good times for FinTech and bad time for free tag,

Angie.H Moon  1:36:02  
I see, yeah, well, there are some other than mobility. What are some good VCs?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:08  
Yeah, we can just see responsible feces, energy,

Angie.H Moon  1:36:11  
I think energy. Oh, that makes sense. That's good message.

Speaker 1  1:36:16  
Anything like, I think high tech, high tech, hardcore tech VC, they tend to be, have more like, be more responsible, also, because it's easier to evaluate their technology and it's just they are, they are selling the technology,

Angie.H Moon  1:36:40  
any so kind of B to C and B to B. Do you agree?

Unknown Speaker  1:36:45  
Yeah, to see, yeah, okay,

Angie.H Moon  1:36:50  
yeah, that's that would be great. So by looking at this, they are being warned, like for investors, they would somehow feel bad. Oh, we are in a we are ruining the system. Those will be proud we did the

Speaker 1  1:37:05  
nice work. Oh yes, we should be continue cautious. Yeah.

Angie.H Moon  1:37:09  
And for founders, like, what would you do? Like, would that somehow make you choose this industry or just go into this industry? But beware of not getting a lot of money.

Speaker 1  1:37:22  
I will for, no, I will get money, but be cautious. Still reposition money, but I don't get in the cage

Angie.H Moon  1:37:31  
I see. So you would make a deal or design a deal that you have a lot of control. So you because the reason why they are cognitively inflexible is because they get, like, give away a lot of control when, as they like, the board, membership or ownership,

Speaker 1  1:37:47  
okay, okay, then yes, I will control. Yeah, hold my control.

Angie.H Moon  1:37:52  
So actually, in valuation, at the cost of lowering the valuation, you have more control. That's the deal you should design in the minus company, say, percentage. Okay, does this mean that you can increase V A little and somehow give up ownership a little?

Speaker 1  1:38:11  
No, I would just stay as it is,

Angie.H Moon  1:38:15  
because, because, like, the ownership that you wouldn't use is meaningless, right? Yeah, you know what I mean, yeah, you only need the amount of a that would maximize the true Exactly. So I was thinking, Oh, maybe there are some buffer buffered ownership. It's like inventory problem we're optimizing, right?

Speaker 1  1:38:37  
Oh, yeah. So from the VC side, because they're not hurting the growth. They want to put more money to get the ownership founders, I they will battle, but it won't hurt if they keep in mind that, oh, you won't hurt that much if they want more money. They won't hurt this type of founder that much because the technology is so well, yeah, targeted,

Angie.H Moon  1:39:05  
just to make sure we're on the same page V the valuation of the company and ownership that VC takes our trade off relationship, yeah, I think based on that, we're saying that the plus company, let's say this is the optimal v star and the percent star. So this means that this x over the growth is optimal. And we are saying there are two groups, and here is the plus companies, and here minus companies. So meaning that in terms of valuation, it's okay for them to lower the valuation. Or, sorry, this is, I think, the minus companies, right? Or actually, sorry, let's use the percentage as the main axis, because it's easier to think it has you're driving the wheel. Kind of feeling right. So, if you are in a plus, it's okay for you to lower your ownership a little at the price of like, instead of getting 50% ownership, you can negotiate to get 40% but get like, let's say, 10 million more valuation, you know, energy or mobility sector founder, yeah, whereas you shouldn't do that in a minus industry. So rather than getting 50 million with 40% you should fight for six, like 40,000,050% ownership in minus industry.

Speaker 1  1:40:44  
I'm thinking it's hard to tell founder, give it, give up more ownership,

Angie.H Moon  1:40:54  
but it's, I think that is, I think, logical thing to do.

Speaker 1  1:40:58  
It's more like for the this group, if they need more money, they are in a position to give up more and if they need money, if they don't need money, they are not off the negotiation like you. Just keep doing what you are doing today. If they need more money, they have a good argument to ask for money. But for this group, I think they need to be cautious about asking for more money, because it will hurt their growth. It's better to for them to break down the fundraising into smaller steps to push themselves keep keep growing, keep repositioning, instead of Ask a big chunk of money, like a time.

Angie.H Moon  1:41:47  
Yeah, I think I agree with you, but there may be two types like your favorite two types I like that. First type, they only care about the girls of the company. Second type, they care about the girls multiplied by the ownership they have, yeah, so this is their ultimate return as they exit the company. So for the latter, is clear that if your growth lower, like P is decreased from 50% to 40% but the growth is increased by, let's say, 100% then you would obviously want to have lower ownership. Okay, that's a little day. Just really fun.

Speaker 1  1:42:30  
It's fun. I'm happy you're doing research like this. So really, yeah, it will be a very good guidance for a lot of both founder side and investor side, I think it will be more useful for the investor founder have a strong belief that they are the outlier of any research. This doesn't apply to me.

Angie.H Moon  1:42:56  
That's funny. I am looking for your type of investor who looks at data. So you should introduce me some people like you,

Speaker 1  1:43:04  
yeah, I think I should, yeah. Actually, I want to connect you to maybe someone who works in VCE. Yeah, that would be great.

Angie.H Moon  1:43:15  
Okay, you're going back to like four, yes. So.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
